## Seed code - Boilerplate for step 2 - Keep Note Assignment
### Assignment Step Description
In this case study: Keep Note Step 2, we will create an Application which accepts Note Title, Note Content, and Note Status as input from the front end and displays the same along with the LocalDateTime of posting in a reverse chronological order (latest Note first). 

Even though functionality-wise and the output of step-1 and step-2 are same, 
 1. In step-1 we created a monolithic application but in this step-2, we will use persistent data storage,  
 2. In this step-2, we should not use "new"  keyword to create an instance.  
 3. EF Core was not added in Step-1 but in Step-2 we will use EF Core.

Here we will have a **Note** class which will be acting as the data model for note table in the database. 
Ef Core DbContext is responsible to generate the respective database and table using Code first approach. 

### Problem Statement
In this case study: Keep Note Step 2 we will create an application that requires us to implement four functionalities. They are as follows:
1. Display the list of existing notes from the database.
2. Add a new Note.
3. Delete Note
4. Update/ Modify Note.

    
    Note: For detailed clarity on the class files, kindly go thru the Project Structure

### Expected solution

A form containing three text fields (Note Title, Note Content, Note status) and Add button, below to this will be a tabular column with the fields Note Title,  Note Content, Note status and LocalDateTime(This will be published in reverse chronological order). 
When the user enters the Note Title, Note Content, Note status and clicks on Add button, it gets stored in the database and later renders in the tabular column.

### Following are the broad tasks:
1. Create the DbContext class for working with EF Core Code first approach. 
2. CRUD (Notes)
3. Implement the INoteRepository interface.

### Steps to be followed:

    Step 1: Clone the boilerplate in a specific folder in your local machine. 
    Step 2: In Note.cs file (which is considered as Model class), define the properties for Note table.
    Step 3: Read all the methods mentioned in the INoteRepository interface.
    Step 4: Provide the implementation for all the methods of INoteRepository interface in NoteRepository.
    Step 5: Run the test cases for NoteRepository class (NoteRepositoryTest.cs)
    Step 6: Define handler methods in NoteController.
    Step 7: Run the testcases for NoteController (NoteControllerTest.cs)
    Step 8: Design a form.
    Step 9: Run the application on a configured web server.

### Project structure

The folders and files you see in this repositories is how it is expected to be in projects, which are submitted for automated evaluation by Hobbes

     Solution
	|
	├──Keepnote-Step2
	|	└─Controllers
	|	|	└── NoteController.cs 		     // This class is used to control all the transactions with the repository.
	|	└─Models
	|	|	└── Note.cs                    	// This class will be acting as the data model for the Note data in the table storage. 
        |   └── KeepNoteContext.cs          // This class will be acting as DbContext to speak to database in EF Core Code-First. 
	|	└─Repository
	|	|	└── NoteRepository.cs          	// This class contains the code for data interactions and methods of this class will be used 	|   |   |                                                by other parts of the applications such as Controllers and Test Cases               
	|   └── Views							//This folder contains all the views/ui required for the application.
	|
	├──Test
	|	└── NoteRepositoryTest.cs       	// All your test cases are written using XUnit.
	|	└── NoteControllerTest.cs  		   // This class contaions all the test cases related to Note Controller.
	|
	├── .hobbes              / Hobbes specific config options, such as type of evaluation schema, type of tech stack etc., Have saved a default values for convenience
	├── .sln			                            // This is automatically generated by Visual Studio.
	└── README.md  		            // This files describes the problem of the assignment/project, you can provide as much as information and clarification you want about the project in this file
> PS: All lint rule files are by default copied during the evaluation process, however, if need to be customized, you should copy from this repo and modify in your project repo


#### To use this as a boilerplate for your new project, you can follow these steps

1. Clone the base boilerplate in the folder **assignment-solution-step2** of your local machine
    
    `git clone https://gitlab-cts.stackroute.in/stack_dotnet_keep/KeepNote-Step2-Boilerplate.git`
    
2. Navigate to the assignment-solution-step2 folder

    `cd assignment-solution-step2`

3. Remove its remote or original reference

     `git remote rm origin`

4. Create a new repo in gitlab named `assignment-solution-step2` as private repo

5. Add your new repository reference as remote

     `git remote add origin https://gitlab-cts.stackroute.in/{{yourusername}}/assignment-solution-step2.git`

     **Note: {{yourusername}} should be replaced by your username from gitlab**

5. Check the status of your repo 
     
     `git status`

6. Use the following command to update the index using the current content found in the working tree, to prepare the content staged for the next commit.

     `git add .`
 
7. Commit and Push the project to git

     `git commit -a -m "Initial commit | or place your comments according to your need"`

     `git push -u origin master`

8. Check on the git repo online, if the files have been pushed

### Important instructions for Participants
> - We expect you to write the assignment on your own by following the guidelines, learning plan, and the practice exercises
> - The code must not be plagiarized, the mentors will randomly pick the submissions and may ask you to explain the solution
> - The code must be properly indented, code structure maintained as per the boilerplate and properly commented
> - Follow the problem statement shared with you

### MENTORS TO BEGIN REVIEW YOUR WORK ONLY AFTER ->
> - You add the respective Mentor as a Reporter/Master into your Assignment Repository
> - You have checked your Assignment on the Automated Evaluation Tool - Hobbes (Check for necessary steps in your Boilerplate - README.md file. ) and got the required score - Check with your mentor about the Score you must achieve before it is accepted for Manual Submission.
> - Intimate your Mentor on Slack and/or Send an Email to learner.support@stackroute.in - with your Git URL - Once you done working and is ready for final submission.